You should consider this first and then talk about it.
I can't believe you're so cowardly to shoot a video.
You can all take pictures.
Why can't I shoot a video?
This is evidence that you blackmailed me.
If I give this to the police
What do you think will happen to you?
Mr. Qin, I know I'm wrong.
All of this is the order of the second young master.
This really has nothing to do with me.
Qin, I'm wrong too
As long as you forgive me, I can do anything.
Do you think now I'll still believe your lies?
Okay, it's not impossible if you want me to let you go.
Let Qin Ngoc Phong prepare 1 billion
Rider, why don't you hurry up?
Master, how do you know they are plotting against you?
Hey, it's very simple.
That Zhang Yao is not like you.
He's Jin Loan of Qin Yufeng.
Even if I fired him.
I still have a way out
Why are you showing yourself to me, a fool?
Are you right?
It's not like that, young master.
Yes.
You are not the dream that flies in your heart
I'm a fool
They don't have it.
Then let me look at the young master.